-: Welcome back.
In this lecture
we are going to understand about ingress SSL
nothing but the application load balances
what we are going to create as part of ingress manifest
so how to enable SSL using the manifest
so that we are going to look into,
Right? So this is the previous architecture
whatever we have implemented
as part of context path based routing.
So now we are going to enable SSL here.
So to enable SSL here,
so in route 53
we need to have a valid domain.
So if you don't have any domain there
so we can go ahead and then register.
So we are anyway going
to register a new domain here Cubeoncloud.com.
So we are going to see even how to register a domain
and then how much time it takes to register
and then how we are going to make the payment.
All those stuff
using the cloud 53 register a domain option.
So I already have stacksimplify.com
but it is already used for my live website
so I really don't want to disturb that.
So we are going to create a new registered domain
which is cubeoncloud.com.
So now on route 53,
we are going to do that part.
So the next thing is once you have the domain
so you need to go to the certificate manager in AWS
and then register a certificate.
So here we can register with sub domains, the certificates
or we can create a complete name
which is star dot cubeoncloud.com.
So we are going to register star dot cube
on cubeoncloud.com,
which will help us in upcoming lectures,
which we are going to discuss about
which is external DNS with cloud 53.
So that's the purpose.
We are going to implement star dot cubeoncloud.com
SSL certificate here.
So whatever maybe the sub domain
this certificate will be valid.
So on cubeoncloud.com.
So that's about it.
So once we complete the certificate step
we are going to update the ingress manifest
with SSL related annotations, right?
So in three steps we have completed these things
and then we are going to deploy
and then test with both HTTP URLs
and then HTTPS URLs.
So in both the things
it is going to work as expected, right?
So which means like from HTTP
it should serve the content
and also HTTPS it should serve the content.
In our next section, we will enable HTTP to HTTPS.
That's a different section plan for us.
For now, let's enable both HTTP
and then HTTPS URLs
for our applications hosted on kubernetes cluster
Okay, so I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.